feat: Upgrade Python from 3.8 to 3.10 to support latest PostgreSQL and MongoDB (#197)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Metrics: docs/opendata/anonymizer.md

TODO: Update installation instructions to use deb packages

> This sections describes the necessary steps to install the **anonymizer module** on a Linux Ubuntu system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sections describes the necessary steps to install the **anonymizer module** on supported Ubuntu Linux systems.
```

I would change the wording a bit.

Author: Done
